Update app-base-guide.md and recommend PascalCase for the technical name (#1321)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/apps/app-base-guide.md

If you are not familiar with the app system, take a look at the [App concept](../../../concepts/extensions/apps-concept) first.

## Name your app

Choose a technical name for your application that accurately reflects its plugin functionality. Specify the name using UpperCamelCase. For instance: "PaymentGatewayApp".

> However, throught this section "MyExampleApp" is used as it serves as an illustrative example of the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, through out this section "MyExampleApp" is used as it serves as an illustrative example of the plugin.
```
